# Sonic_SuperXO
Hi, guys, This is a repo for something I've planned to do. It's a 2.5d Classic Sonic fangame, which is, by name (Sonic SuperXO, I know it may seem a kinda weird name) stands for "Sonic Super Extended Orion: (strange, isn't it?). The first time I decided to think about it when I imagined a Sonic Mania fangame with full moveset. This idea developed when I saw the success of Super Mario Bros. Wonder against Sonic Superstars. So I decided to make a classic sonic 2.5d fangame with Super Mario Bros. Wonder Graphics and (sort of) some creative ideas. Some of the ideas may be a ripoff of Super Mario Bros. Wonder (as I'm afraid), but I just wanna get some ideas on my own. This game may feature some different options, like having 3 types of movements, like basic moveset (the classic one, of course, with sonic having a dropdash), some Super Mario Bros. Wonder moveset (with sonicy style, such as stomping (you know what I mean about stomping, It's just a modern Sonic style of stomping that you know) and wall climbing (Inspired by Sonic USB Online)) and the full unchained moveset (basically, a wide variety of different abilities, a few examples like: Air Recurling from Sonic Triple Trouble, Super Peel-Out (basically, from Sonic CD), Insta-Shield (from Sonic 3 & Knuckles, also it would be cool if it was reimagined in 3d) and so on...). I had some ideas that I think may inspire me to make some new gimmicks, they're written on my Notes app (Samsung Notes, since I own a Samsung device). I haven't thought of a plot yet, since I focused on gameplay while thinking of this game. I haven't started yet making it, tho. But I'll start it sometime.
